so let me ask you I've I've done a
couple of interviews of of uh some of
your increasingly famous internationally
famous UK subjects so I talked to Nigel
farage this week and Tommy Robinson so I
want to ask you about a number of people
on the UK political front so let's start
with well let's start with Kier starmer
so in Canada we have a liberal
government although it's not a liberal
government it's a radical socialist
government Trudeau is farther to the
left by a large margin than our leftist
political party has been traditionally
and uh I got to tell you it's it's a bit
of a disaster you might say Canada now
has uh our GDP is 60% per capita of that
of the US right we have real estate
prices that are twice as expensive and
those are just the things we know about
and so I would say the leftist Tilt in
Canada over the last nine years has been
a much worse disaster than we even know
yet and now I can understand why people
here turfed out the conservatives
because well by my estimation they
weren't conservatives at all but God
only knows what sort of pack they've
brought in so what are your thoughts
about well what what do you think's on
the table for the UK for the next four
years well I've interviewed starm a few
times for my life story show which is
like a two and a half hour interview and
I think probably like you probably
believe that if you interview some of
for two and a half hours they can't hide
the entire time yeah you're going to
work out really what they're like I
think he's fundamentally a decent guy
yeah I think he's a kind of Regular Guy
there's nothing particularly flamboyant
or special about him um he's a self-made
man he had a very tough upbring his
mother was very ill for very long period
of time and he effectively was her care
of a allot the time bit disenfranchised
from his dad no money um and he rose to
become a top of the legal profession
director of public prosecutions the top
lawyer in the the country and now he's
risen to be the top politician in the
country to be prime minister that's a
pretty remarkable achievement yeah he's
he's no Silver Spoon guy at all um he is
uh somebody who drifted out to the
farle in the Jeremy Corbin era said he
thought Corbin would make a good prime
minister that's a blotch on his thought
process because Corbin would have been a
total mad far-left
disaster but interestingly and I think
encour inly starma is not so in
transigent in his views that he's not
prepared to change the example being the
issue of trans women in women's sport
you know he started off by saying that
you know women all trans women are women
and should be treated as such even the
violent rapists even you know it's a
problem those edge cases you and I
completely agree about this it's
obviously Preposterous but it's
interesting to watch him change
positions and now he's a I think he now
says 99%
of women don't have penises was his last
statement on the thing he's come a long
way right so you know I think he's he
understands that to be successful in
Britain as a politician you've got to
occupy the center ground really
historically almost every leader we've
had in modern times effectively has been
in the center ground from Blair to
Thatcher to you you go back and you pick
any they're all pretty well hovering in
this kind of area and then you have the
exi who Creed a lot of noise but never
actually get elected and I think that
starm has done very very well not
withstanding the uselessness of his
opposition to bring his party more to
the center and he's understood he's got
to he's got to have middle England
feeling he's not a threat now the
challenge for him is there's no money
you know we're a pretty bankrupt country
at the moment in terms of money to spend
as a government he's already ruled out
three quarters of all tax revenue
potential saying he's not going to do
this not going to do that not going to
do so he's left really with ATT tax the
rich strategy he's going to hammer
people like me uh he'd Hammer you if you
were in this country he's going to come
after you know money from the houses
money from uh schools he wants to put
VAT on on private schools Independent
Schools uh etc etc he's going to raise
tax for the rich and so I I don't like
politics of Envy
generally and I don't think it works so
he's got to have more Tools in his box
he's he's banking on the economy
improving he might get lucky but you've
got to have growth to do the things he
wants to do about public services our
health system is crumbling our education
system is crumbling crime is soaring um
you know you go through almost any
metric the the seas are full of sewage
you know it's like everything is wrong
right now but to fix it you've got to
spend significant sums of public money
if you're going to do that without
taxing three quarters of the country
you're going to end up just taxing
people who may say you know what I'm
going to leave yes Mone is going to
leave then you have a brain drain of the
creative bosses who might be employing
thousands of people and then were you
left so I think he's got a lot of
challenges but I wouldn't underestimate
him I think anyone that's seen off the
far left as he's done with his party um
and he quite think he's done that fairly
effec he was pretty courageous in the
campaign when he supported Israel pretty
emphatically despite the fact that there
were a lot of me 5 million Muslims in
this country most of whom would have
been uh persuaded to probably vote labor
and there's no doubt that would have
hurt him in the Muslim communities I
think he factored in that better to do
the right thing and we're still going to
win anyway and I think that's you know
was was a bit of moral courage shown
there so I don't underestimate him what
about the people around him I think he's
got quite a smart cabinet actually oh
you do okay I do and I think they hit
the ground running in quite a smooth way
his whole strategy is going to be don't
scare the horses and the children right
let's just steady as we go and it may be
the Britain's ready for that after a
very turbulent five prime ministers in 5
years the chaos of Boris Johnson The
Madness of Liz truss you orally soon
that really got a horrible Hospital pass
I think we're ready for a bit of just
calm stability and you think he could
offer that I think he can offer I've
already seen signs since he became prime
minister of a well organized man with a
well organized team who seemed to know
what they're doing he've got a plan now
whether it works or not is another issue
part of the conservative problem was
everything they promised they didn't
deliver on from stopping the small boats
coming over from France from the Raging
uh legal migration which has gone from
tens of thousands to 700,000 people last
year net legal migration completely
unsustainable the Tories kept promising
we're going to take it back down to tens
of thousands they never did um they said
they sold out the NHS waiting list
they're the worst they've ever been you
know my mother had a heart attack um
eight nine months ago and was left on a
TR
in accident and emergency out in the
corridor for 7 hours having been
diagnosed with a heart attack and there
were 35 other people on trolleys out
with her this that's the state and C
this this is modern day Britain yeah now
he's not a Trudeau you know I watched a
clip of Trudeau when he's with students
and someone says something about Mankind
he went oh no no no we say people
kind so he would literally change the
most iconic line in the history of
modern world which is one he would also
insist that you change it too right know
one small step for man one giant leap
for mankind Neil Armstrong the first
Luna Landing would now have to be one
small step for a person one giant Le for
people kind that's the world that
Trudeau wants he is insanely woke and
the truth is if you are like that it
doesn't work as Canada sadly is saying I
don't think starm is like that I think
much more pragmatic also think you don't
get to be director of public
prosecutions in this country the number
one lawyer in the country if you if
you're not a smart person and I think he
is a smart person but can he somehow
navigate us to a better place possibly
is he going to be a transformative Prime
Minister where we all wake up in two
three years and think wow the starma
revolution I don't think
so well you know that's that's better
than it might have been well I'm I'm so
I spent quite a long time working with
Democrats in the US and I got very
disillusioned about that partly because
they
showed zero propensity to draw a line
between the moderate Democrats and the
radicals like or even to admit that the
radicals existed or even to admit that
by Equity they meant equality of outcome
it was really quite stunning and I i'
I've talked to I don't know how many
reasonably high ranking Democrats but
plenty and it was the same thing all the
time and so and then I also saw it in
the liberal government in Canada that
the radical leftists really took over
the joint let's say and so I'm
very well concerned that the same thing
is likely to happen in the UK well
that's good okay that's good that I can
say with some certainty I just don't
think stalmer is going to do that okay
um I do think he's going to operate
attacks the rich mindset across the
board and I am concerned about the brain
drain that might C but I think in terms
of what you're talking about I don't
think he's going to fall into that trap
I think he's seen what's happened with
the Democrats he's seen what's happened
with Trudeau I don't think he sees that
as as something he wants to be doing
here now I hope I'm right but I don't I
don't sense that with him at his heart I
think he's a pragmatist and he's a well
organized guy he's intelligent he's
thoughtful he's never going to light up
a room with his presence now maybe
that's okay for we're kind of done with
the Boris Johnson you know stick yeah
you know the guy bouncing in with a
scruffy hair cracking jokes and everyone
thinks it's hilarious it's hilarious
right to the point you have a pandemic
and he turned out to be completely
useless and ended up having lots of
illicit parties while locking everybody
else up in their in their homes you know
it's that kind of one rule for me one
rule for you mindset is what killed the
Tes in the end and I think that starmo
certainly won't be that and he will want
to deal with things like poverty in this
country in a way that the Tories I think
have neglected he will want to rise
people up rather than kick them down and
I think he's got the right kind of
mindset for that I just worry there's
not enough money to pay for
this Nigel
farage you know I used to get on well
with Niger but I discovered to my
personal cost he's a treacherous little
snake
[Music]